[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
George Noory with you.
What an amazing program
we've got for you.
Patricia Monna is an
internationally known
psychic medium, remote viewer,
founder of the public awareness
retreats.
Patricia has dedicated her
time and her life and expertise
to local and international
law enforcement agencies
from all over the planet to
help locate missing people
and bring closure
for their families.
What an amazing job
you do for people.
Thank you.
>>PATRICIA MONNA: Thank you,
and thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: It's got
to be emotional.
>>MONNA: It can be.
Yeah, it definitely--
it can be if you don't
know how to separate from it.
>>NOORY: How did
this psychic ability
occur for you, Patricia?
At what point?
>>MONNA: Well, my thing
is I didn't know that--
I thought my reality was
the same as everyone else's.
It's not like I see dead people
walking through walls all
the time or hear disembodied
voices in my head,
so I really have no idea
that you guys-- or, I guess,
the average person--
couldn't see what I saw.
I had no idea.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>MONNA: Because--
>>NOORY: You thought you were
part of everybody, right?
>>MONNA: Yeah.
Well, I mean, when
it's your reality,
you don't really realize
that it's any different.
And even when discussing psychic
awareness and everything,
people who don't
understand the ability
think that it is
literally seeing
things walking through walls
and voices and all this.
And it's not for me-- or
for me, anyways, it's not.
It's unknowing, and
it plays out for me.
>>NOORY: You were raised pretty
religiously, weren't you?
>>MONNA: Yes.
>>NOORY: Did that
conflict with this?
>>MONNA: Very much so.
My parents, they were very
huge born-again Christians.
And so we would be on our knees
praying before bed at night.
And yeah, they kept saying, try
to pray it away, pray it away.
But you can't pray away
your gifts, nor your angels.
>>NOORY: No, you can't.
>>MONNA: No.
>>NOORY: Did it
bother you as a kid?
>>MONNA: I could feel.
But like I said,
I couldn't see it.
I could feel it.
And I would know things about
people just by looking at them
or even touching their hands.
But like I said, I didn't know
that it was a different reality
than anyone else's.
>>NOORY: Did you talk to
your friends about this?
>>MONNA: Yes, growing up.
Yeah.
A lot of my friends
knew about this stuff.
And I would-- even as a child,
I had this uncanny ability
to be able to sense death and
sense illness in a person.
And I think that's
actually what brought me
to nursing because I was
a palliative oncology
nurse for 13 years.
>>NOORY: Which deals with
late-stage cancer victims.
>>MONNA: Yes.
>>NOORY: Right?
>>MONNA: Absolutely.
Yeah, hospice work.
>>NOORY: That's got to
be pretty emotional.
>>MONNA: It is.
You get pretty attached.
You literally love
them to death.
You have to show them peace.
You have to be able to provide--
>>NOORY: Is that
what your job is--
>>MONNA: --that comfort.
>>NOORY: --to just provide
them end-stage life?
>>MONNA: Well, it was
nursing, but with that comes
deathbed confessions
and regrets.
And so yeah, you hear it all.
And you get pretty attached
to certain patients
that stand out to you.
That's for sure.
>>NOORY: Angela Thomas
is a psychic, as well.
And I talked with her about
these psychic abilities.
Let's watch her.
I really believe, Angela,
that people are clairvoyant,
that people--
>>ANGELA THOMAS: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: --have
psychic abilities,
people are intuitive.
I mean, this has happened
to me time and time again.
I would not say that
I'm a psychic "psychic,"
but there have been times
that I'll send someone a text
message out of the blue--
hey, are you OK today--
somebody I may not
have even communicated
with for a month or two.
>>THOMAS: Right.
>>NOORY: And out
of the blue, they
say, oh, my god, dot,
dot, dot, dot just
happened to me or this or that.
I think that's intuitiveness.
I think that is a little
bit of being a psychic.
>>THOMAS: Well, it is, George.
You're absolutely correct.
When I teach
psychic development,
I let those people know
everyone is psychic.
Everyone has the ability to
give some sort of message
or, like you, had perfect timing
in sending that text message.
The thing is is that not
everyone believes that they are
and nor is that everyone's path.
They don't have a
passion to pursue,
how do I develop my abilities
so that I can help others?
>>NOORY: Doesn't Angela look
like the actress Kathy Bates?
>>MONNA: Yes, she totally does.
And she is 100% correct.
Absolutely.
Everyone is psychic.
We're all just at
different varying degrees.
And I do believe that it's a
spiritual path that leads one
down kind of the
rabbit hole to discover
how deep their abilities go.
>>NOORY: Are you glad
you have this ability?
>>MONNA: I love it now because--
>>NOORY: Now.
>>MONNA: Now.
>>NOORY: That means before--
>>MONNA: Oh, it's--
>>NOORY: --you didn't?
>>MONNA: Absolutely.
It scared the heck
out of me as a kid.
Both of my parents were
deep into Christianity.
And so when I couldn't
understand something,
I couldn't understand what I
was feeling, they would say,
oh, it's demonic.
Pray it away.
And you can't pray
away your abilities.
>>NOORY: And it wasn't demonic?
>>MONNA: No.
No.
It was, I was scared
of everything,
even when rushes of--
especially when rushes
of energy came at me
that I didn't understand.
Or now I understand, once
we die, we are not dead.
We do--
>>NOORY: You're
convinced of that?
>>MONNA: --cross to other side.
Oh, I know it.
I know it, or else I
wouldn't have a job.
Here's the thing with
legitimate psychics.
People know their life, George.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>MONNA: They do.
You can't BS someone
on their life.
You can't.
They know it.
And the stuff that
comes out or that I see
are very particulars.
With the gift of
remote viewing, it's--
you see everything the way
it's played out, right?
So you get the little,
tiny details that I guess--
I don't know.
A good psychic gets
the little detail.
>>NOORY: Well,
tell me, Patricia,
how you work with
law enforcement.
How did that all start for you?
>>MONNA: Well,
back in 2008, I got
involved with a group of law
enforcement called Find Me.
And they're out of
Phoenix, Arizona.
And they are active and
retired law enforcement.
There is linguistics
specialists,
handwriting specialists,
body language experts,
and 115 different
psychics that work
remotely all over the world
on missing person cases.
All the work that
I do, everything
that I do with missing
person cases, is volunteer.
I never get paid.
>>NOORY: Did they
willingly accept you,
or did they
reluctantly accept you?
>>MONNA: It was
background checks.
I had to do cases that
were already solved,
but I knew nothing about.
So a picture of someone that
they know what happened,
and I've got to describe.
And then they match
and see how accurate.
>>NOORY: How successful were you
finding these missing people?
>>MONNA: Well, I found
28 missing people.
>>NOORY: 28?
>>MONNA: 28.
>>NOORY: How many were alive?
>>MONNA: One, the very
first person I found.
>>NOORY: That's it?
>>MONNA: That's it, yeah.
>>NOORY: The others?
>>MONNA: All passed away.
But--
>>NOORY: Murdered, everything?
>>MONNA: Everything from
kidnapping to murder
to suicide to just
wanting to disappear
and then they take their life.
There's so many
different circumstances.
And with the gift of remote
viewing or psychic work,
you can see both sides.
You can see it from
the victim's side,
and you can also see it
from the perpetrator's side
if it is a murder, because
everything is consciousness,
right?
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>MONNA: That's what
we are at our core.
So my job is to be able to
merge with the consciousness
that I need to look
through in order
to provide the accurate details
of what happened to the victim.
>>NOORY: Were you ever
looked at as a suspect?
>>MONNA: Never, never.
No.
>>NOORY: That's a
danger for a psychic.
>>MONNA: Well--
>>NOORY: Because you
know things that only
the killer and the cops know.
>>MONNA: Yes, but that's why
the majority of my casework
is all with the
police and Find Me.
I don't take very
many family cases.
So even with Brittany, who
we're going to be speaking to,
that was a very rare
opportunity for her
to get information from me
because normally I say no.
Unless it's a police officer
asking me in on a case,
I'm too bombarded with cases
right now to take more.
Right?
>>NOORY: Well, tell us a
little bit about this case
we're going to deal
with with Brittany.
And how did it come to you?
Did law enforcement come to you?
And what was the issue here?
>>MONNA: Well, normally, law
enforcement does come to me.
But with Brittany, it was
very unusual circumstances.
So she came to me about
a year ago, I guess.
>>NOORY: She came to you first?
>>MONNA: She came for a reading.
And she never said anything
about her father missing.
And I don't want
to know anything.
When a person sits in front
of me, I hold their hands.
I tune in.
And I just-- it's like a movie
that plays out in my head.
>>NOORY: You don't want
to be led by the person?
>>MONNA: No, no.
And if someone--
a lot of the time,
I keep my eyes closed
so that no one thinks
I'm reading body language
or anything like that.
It is purely energy.
I'm a very, very sensitive
person to vibrations.
I'll put it this way.
If someone was standing
in front of me,
and they were lying to
me, you know about poof--
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah.
>>MONNA: --adrenaline that
goes off when someone's not
speaking their truth?
It literally goes through
my body, and I feel it.
>>NOORY: Well--
>>MONNA: So I'm very sensitive.
>>NOORY: --we have set
up Brittany by Skype.
She is in Canada right now.
And we are going to
go to her and talk
with her about this incredible
case of her missing father.
>>MONNA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Brittany,
thank you for joining us
via this incredible
technology of Skype.
You're in Canada, and it's
great to have you with us.
Tell us how you
approached Patricia.
>>BRITTANY SCHNEIDER:
Yeah, absolutely.
So I approached Patricia
through, actually,
a mutual friend who
had a reading with her
and said it was incredible.
And the reason why I did
was because I had recently
found out my dad was missing.
We were very close growing up.
But within the last four
or five years of my life,
we didn't speak very
much just due to--
he was going through
a lot mentally,
and there are
challenges with that.
So we did-- our relationship
did suffer a little bit.
But I did reach out
to her, we will say,
October 2019, I believe.
I found out my dad was
missing April, 2019, as well.
So I'd approached her
not really wanting--
with the intention of
wanting to hear from my dad,
but more so just
about me and my life.
And if my dad came up,
then that would just
be maybe a bonus and also sad.
So it was kind of
a weird situation.
So I had my reading
with Patricia.
And right away, she said there
was a male here in that moment.
And I was encouraged
to bring pictures.
And I did bring two.
I actually had lost my
stepfather, as well.
So I brought a picture
of him, kind of thinking,
oh, it's probably him that
came through, secretly hoping
that it wasn't my dad dad.
Because if that was him, then
that would mean he had passed.
And I showed her a
picture of my stepdad.
And right away, she was
like, no, it's not him.
Did you bring in
another picture?
And I did.
And I was hesitant, and I
showed her a picture of my dad.
And she was like, yes, this is--
absolutely, he was
here right now.
And that's kind of
where it started.
>>NOORY: All right.
And Patricia, when Brittany
came to you, is that unusual?
Do people come to
you that way or not?
>>MONNA: Well, no, no.
I do do private readings
in my studio in Calgary.
And so I had assumed-- she had
booked a regular appointment,
so I just assumed that
it was about her life,
but I never know what's going
to come through in a reading.
>>NOORY: Then what did
you feel, psychically,
to be able to tell her, your
father's coming through here?
>>MONNA: Well, with
remote viewing,
I get an image of who it is.
So her stepfather
and her father,
they're different skin colors.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>MONNA: They're
different ethnicities.
And I immediately
knew that because it
was a Caucasian male that was
coming through to say sorry.
>>NOORY: All right.
And Brittany, once she
started to tell you
she has connected with
your natural father,
what did you pick up?
What did you find out?
>>SCHNEIDER: It was obviously
a very, very emotional
experience.
I was visibly upset, but just
this weird sense of peace also.
I kind of had the
feeling when I found out
he was missing that he
wasn't here on Earth anymore.
That's just what
I felt deep down.
And although I
didn't want to hear
from him because that
had meant he had passed,
I just kind of knew.
So right away,
yeah, she had said
that he was very remorseful
and just very sad
and saying, I'm sorry, I'm
sorry, just repetitively.
And then I was obviously
upset, like I said.
And then we started to speak
about where his body was.
So it wasn't like a--
he wasn't sick or anything.
He didn't pass away
from natural causes.
He wasn't at home.
It wasn't like that.
So he had actually
left his home.
And she was able to say where
he was, where he left from.
So I can get specific.
So she said that it was--
that he had left his home.
His body right now is--
actually, before
I even get there,
she did mention that
it was a suicide,
and which is what I felt too.
And his close
friends had mentioned
that he had been struggling
for a very long time,
and I had known that.
Being so close to
him, I did know that,
and it's what I felt when
I heard he was missing.
So she did say that.
And yeah, so she said
he had left his home.
He went to a wooded area.
It's very beautiful,
north of Vancouver.
He's outside.
There's a beautiful
stream nearby.
And then she had also
said that we weren't
going to find him right away.
So he had went
missing April, 2019,
and I had this
reading in October.
And she had-- she
said that we are not
going to find him until
approximately a year
after he's been missing.
So that is what I
took of the reading.
And I didn't go there to start
a search party for my father.
It was more for my
own peace and to see
if he would come through.
And then we were talking
about other things in my life.
So it definitely wasn't
a reading to immediately
go, OK, where is he?
We need to go now.
That's not what
it was, but I just
considered it a
blessing that she
was able to give me
peace in that sense
and say where he was.
>>NOORY: Initially,
when you approached
Patricia, you didn't think
your father was dead, did you?
>>SCHNEIDER: I didn't.
I went back and forth.
I had known he was
struggling mentally.
And when I first found
out he was missing--
we hadn't had contact
for four or five years,
so I didn't know much
about his situation.
I did know he was living in
BC, but I didn't know much more
than that.
I had in a sense already kind of
mourned that relationship just
for my own heart.
It had been something like that.
But, yeah, I didn't go--
>>NOORY: You had a hunch?
You had a hunch, though,
that something was wrong?
>>SCHNEIDER: I did.
I did.
But I-- when I initially
went to go see her,
I truly had no idea what
was going to happen.
I went for-- just to see my--
to talk about my life path,
and maybe my stepfather
would come through.
And then I was very nervous
if my father did come through,
if that were to
happen, and it did.
>>NOORY: And
Patricia, how did you
sense then that something
had happened to her father?
He came through to you?
>>MONNA: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Did he tell you
he committed suicide?
>>MONNA: Yes, he did.
And that's why he kept having
me repeat, I'm so sorry,
I'm so sorry.
>>NOORY: And how do you
convey that to Brittany?
Do me one favor.
>>MONNA: Yes.
>>NOORY: Because if
Brittany just came to you,
and you're about to tell her
what her father has told you,
kind of recreate this for me.
Go ahead.
Tell her.
>>MONNA: Wow.
Well, he says he's sorry
that there was absolutely
no way he could stick around.
His depression, the anxiety--
he had a lot.
And he was-- your dad was
a bit of a loner, too,
where he didn't--
he would never have gone
and reached out for help.
He was one that I've
got to do it on my own.
I've got to figure it out.
He didn't rely on others.
It almost felt like
him against the world.
When someone from the other side
explains it like that to me.
I understand the depth of that
kind of depression and anxiety.
And all I know is that he's--
the amount of peace that
I see around him now,
he needed to come
through to give her
the peace that she
was looking for
so that it would be closure,
because his death had nothing
to do with her.
>>NOORY: What was she
like emotionally when she
came to you?
>>MONNA: It was a
while ago, George.
So when a person walks
out of my office,
I very seldom ever remember
anything in a reading.
>>NOORY: I mean, but
when you tell somebody,
your father has
committed suicide, that's
not easy to tell somebody.
>>MONNA: No.
It absolutely is not an
easy thing to tell someone.
>>NOORY: And
Brittany, how did you
take it when she told you that?
>>SCHNEIDER: I was
very obviously upset.
I was crying a lot.
But in some sense, it was
almost like she just told me
what I was already
feeling inside anyways.
So it was in a
sense a big relief.
That sounds very-- it's not
the best word to describe it,
but it did feel like a bit
of a weight off my shoulders.
But yeah, after
that reading, I--
it was amazing.
I felt great.
I got to hear from my dad.
And I told my mom about it.
And that was really
great, as well.
But the craziest
part was actually
April of this year in 2020,
when I got a phone call
from a family member saying that
they had actually found my dad.
And it wasn't that no one
had been looking for him
specifically.
I believe there was actually
a person with dementia
who had gone missing
from a home of some sort.
And there was-- that might
have been linked to why
people were looking around.
But there was a Park Ranger
in a park in North Vancouver--
beautiful wooded area
with a stream nearby--
and that was where
my dad was found.
His remains were found there.
And it was April, 2020,
a year after we found out
he was missing.
>>NOORY: Did you get
the closure you needed?
>>SCHNEIDER: I did.
And it was a weird time
in between that reading
and April of 2020 that my
dad was actually found.
Because when I
had the reading, I
believed it in my whole heart.
I was like, yes, this is
what happened to my dad.
But then there's still
a tiny human part of me
that was like, well, no, I don't
have the physical conformation.
So it was this weird mourning
and grieving process.
And I was flip-flopping,
flip-flopping.
So when I had that actual
confirmation in April,
it was just like, wow.
It was heartbreaking all
over again, very deeply.
But I just--
I thought it was just crazy
how accurate Patricia was.
And it actually prompted me to
book a second reading with her.
>>NOORY: And what
advice would you
give people who have missing
loved ones in their lives, who
don't know where they are?
Should they go to a
psychic like Patricia?
>>SCHNEIDER: I mean, for me, it
was an incredible experience,
and I cannot say enough
positive things about it,
but I do realize that every
person is very different.
And everyone handles
things differently.
And so I think if that's
something that speaks to you,
I think you should
really go with that.
But if it's something that
it's not your pace or not
your style, then maybe not.
But for me personally, it
was an incredible experience,
and I will do it--
I would have done it
a hundred times over.
And I've been talking to
my close friends and family
about it, just
absolutely in awe.
My wish is that everyone would
speak to someone like her
at some point in their life.
And even if you're skeptical,
it was life-changing for me.
>>NOORY: Well, Brittany, our
condolences on your loss.
And I'm going to have Patricia
say the final words to you.
>>MONNA: Thank you, Brittany,
so much for doing this.
And as you know, this
was so divinely timed
because for the past
about two years,
I haven't taken on any personal
cases, meaning taking cases
from family.
Unless it's police,
I don't really
have the time, right,
because I volunteer.
I never get paid for this stuff.
So for her to be
able to walk in--
and this just
happened on I think
it was Wednesday or Thursday--
I think it was Thursday-- where
she walked in, and we were
having--
the RCMP, they can't
just talk to media.
It's got to go through legal
teams, all of that, right?
So I'm going, oh, my god.
Out of 27 missing
people, there's
got to be someone that'll come
and do this, right, and talk.
And in walks Brittany.
And she's got-- as you can see,
she's absolutely stunning--
wearing this
gorgeous white dress.
And then she sits there--
>>NOORY: Angelic looking, right?
>>MONNA: Totally angelic.
And I even said to her--
I said, oh, my god,
girlfriend, you
are my angel,
because she sits down
and she says to me,
Patricia, do you remember me?
And I said to her--
I'm like, no.
I'm like, you could have
been my kid's school teacher,
and I'd believe it.
Right?
Remember me saying that?
And I said, no,
I'm sorry, I don't.
Because when people
leave, everything
is gone-- faces, names.
It's gone.
It walks out the door with them.
>>NOORY: You move on?
>>MONNA: Totally.
And that's when she
said to me-- she goes,
well, we found my dad right
where you said he'd be
and the timeline and everything
that she just reiterated.
And my jaw was on
the floor going,
you got to love how
the universe works,
how it just pulls together in
the divine timing of things,
because her instant
response was, sure,
I would love to go on and
talk about this experience.
Hey, Brittany?
And I only read for her the
one time before she came in.
And here's the clincher.
It takes about two and a
half months, three months
to get into me.
She booked that
appointment months ago.
And her appointment
was on Thursday,
right before I've got to get
on a flight and come to Gaia--
>>NOORY: And come here.
>>MONNA: --and we needed--
>>NOORY: What timing.
>>MONNA: --someone to talk.
Right?
Totally divine timing.
>>NOORY: Brittany, give
our incredible viewership
a little goodbye.
>>SCHNEIDER: Thanks
so much for having me.
>>MONNA: Thank you, Brittany.
>>NOORY: Patricia, you're also
involved in remote viewing.
What does that mean for you?
>>MONNA: So that's actually
one of the ways that I--
what I utilize to find--
>>NOORY: To find people?
>>MONNA: --missing persons.
Yeah, absolutely.
When I tune into that
higher consciousness
or go into that realm,
there's no such thing as time.
So you can look forward.
You can look backwards.
You can look into what's
happening right now.
And to me, in my mind,
it plays out almost
like a movie, where I can see
everything that's happening,
feel the emotions behind it,
and to be able to connect
with the targets.
>>NOORY: That's remarkable.
>>MONNA: It's pretty neat.
>>NOORY: What a great ability.
>>MONNA: And when it
comes to the drawings
that you normally see
with remote viewers,
for me, I draw out
the whole scenario.
So I'm drawing out the
buildings and what's
happening around the
target, not just the target.
>>NOORY: Right.
Patricia, you use
remote viewing a lot
in your missing people cases.
Let's take a look at
the Blanco River case.
Now what is this?
>>MONNA: So this-- these
are the pins that I dropped
and I was able to
provide for the search
and rescue that we're involved
in Wimberley, Texas, when
the floods hit in 2015.
So there was a house
that got swept away
with eight people in it.
And right from the get go, when
I was called into the case,
I told them that I would
only be able to find six out
of eight of the missing people.
So these are just an
example of some of my pins
of where people have been
found and how accurate--
>>NOORY: It is accurate, indeed.
>>MONNA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Sad, though, to
find these people this way.
>>MONNA: It is.
It absolutely is.
But I got to tell you, to be
able to do something and give
back in a way that's
so rare, I feel
like it's my God-given
duty to be able to do it.
>>NOORY: What do you
call psychic archaeology?
What is that?
>>MONNA: So it's something
that is extremely new to me.
I didn't even know
it was a thing.
I ended up being
invited on a radio show.
And one of the call-in--
or one of the viewers, sorry--
>>NOORY: One of the callers.
>>MONNA: One of the
callers had asked me
if I had ever done
psychic archaeology.
And he contacted
me after the show
and asked me if I would
do some remote viewing
into the structures of the
pyramids and ones in Peru.
And next thing I know, I was
seeing things just as clearly
as I do with remote viewing
and finding missing people.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
Uri Geller, of course, on
Gaia's "Legacy" program,
talked about how he uses
dowsing to find things.
>>URI GELLER: One of the
big finds that I always
talk about was when General
Moshe Dayan asked me
here in Israel to drive
with him in his Jeep
and locate ancient
archaeological items that
were buried in sand, in caves.
And we drove to
Ashkelon, to the beach.
And I would just walk with
him with my hands stretched
forward.
And I would say, here, dig here.
And he would have a shovel.
And he would dig out
whatever I found.
It's basically honing my mind.
If I look for oil, then
I focus my mind onto oil.
I visualize oil.
If I'm looking for an
ancient lamp or a sculpture
or a piece of antiquity,
I just visualize
something very ancient.
And my mind allows me to
locate it very precisely.
I remember the time
when the president
of Mexico, Lopez Portillo, asked
me to look for oil for Pemex.
Pemex is the national
oil company of Mexico.
And I was in a helicopter
over the Gulf of Mexico.
I had a map on my knees.
When I felt that I'm
flying over a place,
I would tell the pilot,
hover, come lower.
And then I would put
a big X on the map.
And they found oil there.
Oil came gushing out of there.
The president was so
impressed that he made me
a Mexican citizen.
I actually have a
Mexican passport.
>>NOORY: Uri Geller's amazing.
He's a dear friend of mine.
And he was on "The Johnny
Carson Show" many years ago
and was so nervous
because of the things
they were pushing at him,
he couldn't do what he did.
But he's an outstanding guy.
But with that, dowsing, do
you have that ability, too?
>>MONNA: Absolutely.
That's how I found
many a missing person.
And the way he said
that he takes his mind
and he projects it there,
that's exactly what I do.
If I'm looking for
a missing person
or I'm looking into the pyramids
of Egypt, it's all energy.
It's all consciousness.
So if you know how to tune
into someone's resonance--
and here's the neat thing.
We all have a resonant
signature, each and every one
of us, that is unique to us--
>>NOORY: We do?
>>MONNA: --just like
our fingerprints--
>>NOORY: OK,
>>MONNA: --right?
So it's my job, if I--
and by looking at a photo.
All I need is a photo
of a, we'll say,
a missing person in
order to be able to tune
into their resonance.
>>NOORY: Do you need a piece of
clothes or anything like that?
>>MONNA: No, pictures
help me more.
>>NOORY: Just a picture?
OK.
>>MONNA: Absolutely.
Pictures and I get it like that.
Now, when I'm remote
viewing on a target that I
have no idea, because
I've done what
Uri Geller has done before--
and I'll show you
my drawings after,
where it describes the whole
story of the target, not just
the target.
>>NOORY: That's
pretty elaborate.
>>MONNA: Yeah.
It plays out like
the whole thing does.
>>NOORY: You do a
lot of predictions.
>>MONNA: Yes.
>>NOORY: What has been some
of your past predictions
that have come true?
Easier said than done, but--
>>MONNA: Well--
>>NOORY: --what are they?
>>MONNA: --there's been
good, bad, everything.
One of the craziest predictions
that I ever did was I
predicted a lady winning the
lottery right down to the day
that she won the lottery.
>>NOORY: And she won?
>>MONNA: I wrote down two dates.
I said--
>>NOORY: Did you know her?
>>MONNA: No.
Well, she had come to
me for a reading before.
And I wrote down two dates.
I said, November 27, you're
going to buy the ticket.
December 2, you're going
to find out you won.
And those are the
two dates, exactly--
>>NOORY: That's fantastic.
>>MONNA: --right
down to the days.
It was $7 million.
It wasn't little.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>MONNA: It was $7 million.
>>NOORY: Make a
prediction for me.
>>MONNA: [LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: My gosh.
Electronic voice phenomenon.
>>MONNA: Yes.
>>NOORY: You captured some of
this in one of your readings
with--
let's listen to this.
>>MONNA: This was found in
my office or tape-recorded
in my office by a client.
The more you even
say to your angels
and your guides, OK, I'm ready,
I'm ready, show me, show me
what I need to know--
>> Yeah
>> They'll show you.
>>MONNA: That whole ask
and ye shall receive stuff,
it's very true.
>> OK
>>MONNA: Totally true.
>>NOORY: I mean, they
weren't in the office.
They weren't anywhere.
>>MONNA: My client
was recording it.
She's the one who caught
the voice on tape.
And it was when she was playing
back the recording for her mom
that her mom heard the voice.
And so when I'm
channeling, and when
spirit is speaking
through me, it
seems-- it sounds like
I'm talking to myself.
Like I said, it's
not like I'm hearing
some guy's voice in my head.
It wasn't like that.
But I heard those words.
And when you slow down
the tape, you'll realize,
I paused because I tend to
talk fast when I channel
or when I get nervous.
And it was when I was
pausing that that's
when his words came out,
but those were the words
that I heard in my head to say.
>>NOORY: Patricia, what
do you see in the future
a few years from now?
How are things for us?
>>MONNA: Oh.
Well, I'm going to be
very honest, George.
>>NOORY: You always are.
>>MONNA: I do.
I tell the good, the bad,
the ugly, the all of it.
I think we're facing
some hard times ahead.
>>NOORY: Because
of the pandemic?
>>MONNA: Yes.
>>NOORY: And it's going
to continue years ahead?
>>MONNA: It will.
>>NOORY: Oh, god.
I don't think we're over it
or out of the clear quite yet.
>>NOORY: Are they always
things that you predict, things
that will be or could be?
And by that, I mean can we--
if you make a prediction,
can we alter it by
the things we do?
>>MONNA: Oh, absolutely.
We can alter it
by the knowledge.
Knowledge is power, right?
But I truly believe
that some things
are absolutely
ingrained in stone
like our birth, our death,
and certain things in between.
So at a time where
we meet our soulmate
or you just meet that
person where you're like,
how do I know you?
How do I know you?
Why does it feel that
instant connection?
I believe that those meetings
and that time and space,
it's meant to happen.
And that's why we're recognizing
that person or that situation
as part of our life.
I think it's meant to happen.
So yes, it's malleable.
We can move it.
But there are certain things
that no matter where you are,
it's going to happen.
>>NOORY: In the long run,
as people, will we be OK?
>>MONNA: Oh, gosh, yes.
We've been here for thousands
and thousands of years.
We're not going
anywhere anytime soon.
>>NOORY: How do
people track you?
Website?
What do you have?
>>MONNA: Www.PatriciaMonna.com.
>>NOORY: M-O-N-N-A?
>>MONNA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: PatriciaMonna.com.
>>MONNA: Dot com.
And yeah, I teach psychic
development classes,
meditations, as well as
I'm going to Ancient Egypt
next year to go and
see and feel what
it was that I remote viewed.
So Johnny Enoch is a
good friend of mine.
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah.
>>MONNA: I'm going
on tour with him
next year so that I can
go and read the pyramids,
because the hieroglyphs
make sense to me, all of it
makes sense to me.
>>NOORY: My late father
was born in Cairo.
>>MONNA: Wow.
>>NOORY: He was right there
a long, long time ago.
Well, Patricia, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
We appreciate it.
>>MONNA: Thank you so
much for having me.
>>NOORY: What a
great, great thing
she does for people--
finding missing people,
helping law enforcement,
helping people get closure.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]